Update the description for good and bad practice (#18968)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/guidelines/code_guidelines/general/index.md

### Highlight good and bad practice examples

As you will notice from looking around these guidelines, the code blocks that are supposed to be good practice examples are highlighted with a check mark in green, and the code blocks that are supposed to be bad practice examples are highlighted with a cross in a red circle.

To do this, you first use the MDN editor controls to put your code block in a `<pre>` block and give it appropriate syntax highlighting. The source of the code will look something like this:

````js
function myFunc() {
  console.log('Hello!');
};
```

> ````

Reviewer: I think this paragraph is largely irrelevant now?

Author: So how should I fix it?

Author: I'm confusing... So how should I fix it?

Reviewer: I don't really know. "MDN editor", "`<pre` block" are both irrelevant now, so let's just remove this paragraph, and start with "To make it into a good example,..."?

Author: @Josh-Cena 
Can you rewrite it if you consider it should be fixed, because I can't write English sentences well?

Reviewer: Ah sure, I've fixed it.

To make it into a good example, you insert `example-good` after the code block's language directive:

> ````html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
````md
```

Too tired last night :D

```js example-good
 …
````

To make it into a bad example, you insert `example-bad` after the code block's language directive:

> ````html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
````md
```

### Highlight good and bad practice examples

> As you will notice from looking around these guidelines, the code blocks that are supposed to be good practice examples are highlighted with a check mark in green, and the code blocks that are supposed to be bad practice examples are highlighted with a white cross with a red circle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you will notice from looking around these guidelines, the code blocks that are supposed to be good practice examples are highlighted with a check mark in green, and the code blocks that are supposed to be bad practice examples are highlighted with a cross in a red circle.
```

In dark mode it's not white

Author: Okay, thank you!

};</pre>
```

> To make it into a good example, you insert `example-good` in the end of the first line of a code block:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make it into a good example, you insert `example-good` after the code block's language directive:
```

Author: Thank you!

```html
``` js example-good
 …

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~md
````html
```js example-good
 …
````
~~~

Author: Corrected.

> To make it into a bad example, you insert `example-bad` in the end of the first line of a code block:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make it into a good example, you insert `example-bad` after the code block's language directive:
```

```html
``` js example-bad
  …

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~md
````html
```js example-bad
 …
````
~~~

Author: Corrected.
